IMPORTANT INFORMATION

This package is referred to as Lintel.  It originates from the Storage
Systems Department (SSD, or SSP) of Hewlett-Packard Laboratories, Palo
Alto, CA 94304.  IT IS PROVIDED TO YOU SOLELY UNDER THE TERMS OF THE
FOLLOWING AGREEMENT.  If you do not agree to any of these terms, you
must delete this software, and any copies you may have made of it.


DEFECT REPORTS

Please send bug reports software@cello.hpl.hp.com.  Please note that
we cannot help you debug your installation, software setup, or
C++ knowledge.

In return, we would greatly appreciate any bug fixes or enhancements -
or even simply hearing about how you are using the package.


AGREEMENT

This Agreement applies to this software package (Lintel).  It, and any
derivative works thereof, will be referred to below using the term
"software."  The person reading this agreement, on whom these terms
are binding, is referred to as "you".

Before you may use, distribute, read, compile, execute, link to, or
otherwise access this software, you must accept and agree to each of
the following.  Failing to do so implies that you do not accept these
terms, and you must delete this software, and any copies you may have
made of it.

 
Hewlett-Packard Company ("HP") is agreeing to let you download and use
the software listed above without any financial charge to you.  You
THEREFORE AGREE TO WAIVE ANY AND ALL DAMAGES AGAINST HP RELATING TO MY
DOWNLOAD OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE, OR TO ANY ACT OR OMISSION ON THE PART
OF HP, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, VENDORS, SUPPLIERS, EMPLOYEES OR
AGENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE.  You agree that the bargain
basis for HP's agreement to let you download or use the software does
not reflect any assumption of liability or damages on HP's behalf and
if you do not agree to this condition and the other terms and
conditions of this Agreement, your sole remedy is to not download the
software, or to delete any copies you may have made, or both.
 

You may use the software as you see fit, at your sole risk and
discretion.  You acknowledge that the software is not intended for
distribution as a product or for any particular application or
purpose.  The software is experimental in nature, and it shall be up
to you only to determine whether the software is suitable for use for
your intended purpose.  These conditions, as well as all of the
conditions stated below, are of material inducement for HP to release
the software; that is to say, without a damages release and release
and disclaimer of other rights and remedies, HP represents that it
would not release the software to you.
 

HP shall have no obligation to provide support or maintenance for, or
to provide any updates to, the software.  HP shall have no obligation
to respond to questions or to provide information regarding the
software.
 

HP DISCLAIMS, AND YOU HEREBY WAIVE, ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES WITH
RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE; WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THIS
WAIVER, HP DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
OF MERCANTABILITY, AGAINST ANY YEAR OR DATE MALFUNCTION, THAT THE
SOFTWARE IS ERROR FREE AND THAT THE SOFTWARE OR ITS USAGE IS FREE FROM
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF OTHERS.  IT SHALL BE SOLELY UP TO YOU
TO VERIFY THAT THE SOFTWARE IS VIRUS FREE AND IS OTHERWISE SAFE FOR
USAGE.
 

This Agreement and all matters regarding the software shall be
interpreted exclusively by applying the laws of the State of Delaware,
USA, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.
 

Any redistribution or further distribution of the software is at your
sole discretion and exposure.  If you redistribute the software, you
will make any person or entity that receives it subject to the terms
and conditions of this Agreement and will inform them of these terms.
All of the conditions indicated above will be binding upon any
recipient of software or any successor in interest or assignee of the
software or this Agreement.
 

You agree that if you redistribute or further distribute software,
that you will either (a) not place any proprietary legend,
confidentiality notice or copyright notice on such software or (b) if
you do place any such legend or notice on the software that you will
clearly and unambiguously disclaim (in prominent written legend
adjacent each reproduction of such legend or notice) any ownership or
proprietary interest by you or your company of original works (i.e.,
the original software) upon which your derivative work is based, and
you will in such disclaimer refer people to the original web site from
which you obtained the software or any successor site offered for
download of the software as you received it.
 

Any violation of this Agreement and these terms will be deemed to
cause HP irreparable harm, and you hereby consent to an immediate
injunction against any such violation without any claim of offset,
unclean hands, laches or other equitable bar that would prevent
enforcement of these terms.

----------------
